everybody welcome back to normal and
play Binding of Isaac after birth plus
where we again can't lose the spite the
fact that we probably should have on
many occasions and this seems like a
Veysel again
Lazarus you know what Lazarus not a
great character but a cool mechanic so
I'm into it and NL c to t ql thank god
there's a number in there we all know
the letters give the seeds of their bad
properties and the numbers give their
seeds or give the seeds their good
properties so we're very very lucky that
we did get a number in here otherwise we
might have been in some serious trouble
honestly it feels like obviously you
take Guppies tail I think we maybe just
just want to do this in a way that we
die in appropriate fashion like for
example you do that and I'm happy with
this I'm just scared even though I know
if we go into the curse room we're going
to get our lunch money back there we go
and feels like I'm walking on sunshine
okay good to know so we we immediately
basically took advantage of the extra
bonus you get as Lazarus for responding
because there were spirit hearts to
guide us and it's certainly not like
we're out of the woods yet but we also
got Guppies tail witches I mean getting
the guppy item not from a deal with the
devil and especially early on gives us a
really really high chance I think of
relative to the average of making the
guppy transformation happen and then
Deadshot is actually an item that we
showed up like three times as often as
it does because it's so excellent but
it's a really really nice damage bonus
that allows us to fairly easily you know
get up to ridiculous amounts of damage
here one bag is also lovely this one is
almost like this safest Lazarus run you
could imagine at this point we've
already used our respawn we've gotten an
HP upgrade and a bunch of like
contingency HP to roll with not to
mention a pretty solid damage upgrading
the other thing about Deadshot is that
it lasts room to room apparently so okay
right I did just have our damage there
but
that's fine Zuka flies it builds up
really quickly - it's like five
consecutive shots and we get the maximum
damage bonus which is like double our
existing damage so I think we're in a
great spot it's like a perfect tears
upgrading lots of HP backing us up as
well this is the kind of run that makes
people mad not that mad because it's not
just brimstone but pretty mad because
it's so ridiculously strong right off
the bat no extra guppy items speed up is
lovely tears down is not but it's a
pretty small tears downgrade in
comparison and it tears upgrade that we
got so virus which is also excellent
sadly we did use our key to grab those
to grab the the golden chest but I
thought it was worth it the way our luck
had been going this looks like it's
going to be pretty much smooth sailing
here sure I'll take karma until you've
got a daughter that's what I call karma
and you pray to God she ain't Roe breast
too soon that's Kanye West thought on on
what it's like to have a daughter from
before he had a daughter but still words
two words to live by
it sounds weirder than it is I assure
you probably I don't know what's going
on I would never deign to suggest that I
know what's going on in the Beautiful
Dark Twisted Fantasy of Kanye West I
just I listen to the lyrics I interpret
John Bryan on the keys right now excuse
me sir
thank you okay thank you
pretty bad situation there but let's be
honest I mean I'm taking some damage
that I'm not at all proud of right now
and we've squandered more HP than you
know normally you have a chance to even
squander at this point of the game you
know things usually start a little
fragile here in the in our embryonic
state but we're really just kind of
riding it out on till we get our deal
with the devil here it's also the first
Isaac run of the day
cut me some slack normally I start with
the daily but good today we'll just
start with a little old you know
pseudo-random streak run I was actually
thinking you know Isaac I think it's
fair to say is crested Isaac's on the
way it's on the day new month of its
popularity so we're probably getting
past the days of two a day Isaac's
pretty soon so I mean honestly since you
guys are watching it I'm interested to
get your feedback I already tweeted
about it probably like a week week and a
half ago at this point and I was like
you know if two a day Isaac stopped what
do you want to see in its place and
there's a lot of good suggestions you
know one of the things that came up more
than once was another rimworld campaign
and I like the idea of that I think rim
world's a fantastic game I haven't
played it in a while it's been like two
big updates so that's good some people
suggest a return to like a rotating sort
of rogue light not not specifically
tumble feed which is a rotating rogue
light I guess in a literal sense but I
like to bring you know once a week or
not once a week sorry but every week you
know this week's going to be spelunky
this week's going to be FTL this week's
going to be tumble TVs who's going to be
plaintiff get cetera et cetera this
one's going to be rogue legacy maybe and
then that's a cool idea as well and then
something that came up a lot was you
know doing more let's look at those are
tougher to swing then
a 45 minute episode of a rogue light
admittedly because that requires a
little bit more prep time upfront but
certainly you know you could replace
some Isaac's with a lesser quantity but
maybe higher quality of let's look at
but yeah I'm interested in what people
think and I got a two more things to
bring up one of them is if we start
doing one Isaac episode a day what do
you want to see randoms or you know
quote-unquote streak runs or day leaves
I think I know the answer
but I'd be eager to have you all way in
regardless and then I was thinking like
one of the things we could do to freshen
it up here obviously I'm stoked that
there's a I'm launching I'm stoked that
there's a booster packs coming out at
least every now and then because that
adds fresh content but I was also
thinking one thing I've never done in
Isaac is build up a save file from zero
except when rebirth first came out so we
could actually take a super trip down
memory lane and do like a quest to get
real real real platinum god again but I
don't know because I I see them I see
the value of both I see the value of and
I know people are going to say I'm not
here for the gameplay anyway obviously
after like five years but you know it
would be nice to take a trip down memory
lane but we'd be missing out on all
these cool sort of items at least from
the get-go that provide these weird
synergies that sometimes can make a
break in episode in terms of its quality
but anyway I digress let me know what
you think about that so you know go into
one Isaac episode a day with the
knowledge that the Isaac episode will be
replaced by something else that would
probably come out on a daily basis it
does open up time for me to do different
videos admittedly and then you know
dailies are non dailies have your say
comments or tweets and then new save
file yay or nay just whatever you
doesn't have to be a well-reasoned
opinion just whatever you think you're a
your two cents would be I'd like to hear
it you know it's in the end this is not
a democracy
and it sounds rude but you know I want
to do what the people want but I also
want to do what entertains myself
because I think that actually makes for
the better content as well so well we'll
put it all in a little in a little you
know crock pot and slow cook it and see
how the opinions feel after like a week
or so and see what the world holds for
us
but for okay yeah we already went in
there we didn't need to use a bomb but
that's okay how's this run going well it
got not that much better for a little
while but now
is in like a real nice spot our damage
is decent and then Book of Shadows
combined with the virus is like an
engine I wouldn't say it's going to like
easily generate a bunch of demon hearts
for us but on occasion it should
generate demon hearts for us I mean let
me put it this way if once every two
times you use Book of Shadows you get a
demon heart its Satanic Bible quality
plus you get the invincibility out of it
which is also it is more than Satanic
Bible quality but anyway I digress
actually having Book of Shadows with an
orbital is lovely as well so I'm not
sweating it at all we really we got
ballin out of control in a huge way very
early on on this run so both of these
are pretty not great but I will take
dark Prince's crown over contract for a
nut contract from below what is that one
missing page two the reason for this is
basically just because I don't need the
read hard I mean I wish there was
something more to it than that but
there's a chance we can get some benefit
out of dark Prince's crown we're not
going to get like any benefit I think at
a missing page to rather use the Sun on
the next floor let's be honest we don't
need the we don't need the the nickel
there so I think we'll just use our Sun
card on the next floor and probably be
be set up for a good situation here
let's head downwards
I mean we're obviously in a good spot
but yeah I mean it's it's kind of what I
tweeted about it people were like oh is
this the end of an era I don't really
think it's like the end of an era
there's always going to be an audience
for for Isaac for me at least because
it's the if the game I can play
mindlessly which normally is an insult
but it'll it lends itself to good
commentary I guess is what I'm getting
it and you know we have gone down to one
Isaac per day in the past not since like
the release of rebirth I think but you
know this the games got a it seems like
the right time I guess for the game to
pull back from being like a 100
main focus of my channels been like five
years so that's absurd for one and then
it will actually have been more than
five years been like six years and then
beyond that like Edie is working on new
stuff you've got that new game that
looks like Super Meat Boy - the end is
nigh which is coming out in very early
July which I'm definitely going to check
out and I'm excited that he's not just
in the Isaac cave anymore you know I
think obviously he gets all of the
credit but we both kind of been in this
nut shoehorned but we've been in his
Isaac bubble for like five years where
you know you said when we've talked to
him on like round tables like you don't
he didn't expect that
Isaac would be the key was going to be
like a little almost pseudo game jam
thing made in a few months that you know
just come out be inspired by the
original Zelda and be kind of like a
cool thing for people to appreciate a
formula of game that has not been around
for that long or it had not been around
for a while at the very least and then
of course it ends up you know sort of
like reigniting the the roguelike or
roguelike genre at the very least and
you know three expansions or four
expansions deep at this point and
there's mods and it's become its own
beast basically so I'm excited that he's
working on new stuff and I can't wait to
check it out I know finger it exists as
well but it feels like the end is nigh
is like a big project I guess not that
fingered is you know a trash fire it
actually just never worked for me so I
can't say whether or not that that game
is any good but I do own it but yeah it
seems like like the time is time is
right then maybe step back just a little
bit have this as like you know there's
always going to be on Isaac episode but
you know maybe my time is better served
coming out with new content as well it
kind of things it out a little bit on
the show as well you know there's stuff
that we can fit in the opening segments
that sometimes is a little bit more
conducive to banter and I'm in love with
Isaac but not all my co-hosts they all
like it but nobody else is really like
this is the greatest game ever made I
really do think that that rebirth plus
expansions I know people have an issue
with some of them but I think that
rebirth plus its expansions might be one
of the best design
nine games ever made emotionally did it
transform my life you know was it was it
a deep story that I you know never
thought I'd experience no absolutely not
but mechanically I just think that this
is like Isaac is like a language or a
sport or something like this game
codified the rules of Isaac and then you
could play it infinity times and not
every run is going to be you know
lights-out 10 out of 10 amazing but most
of them are going to have some element
of uniqueness and entertainment data
that's cool anyway I'm getting a little
sappy here but again still going down to
one Isaac episode of days 365 episodes a
year that's more than a lot of youtubers
put out of you know anything and I'm
talking about a oh is it the end of an
era you know a little overly sentimental
but anyway again this is largely a segue
for me to be like let me know what you
think because my livelihood essentially
depends on your your feelings about
things so you know it's very helpful and
reassuring for me to know your
perspective this guide you know the
business aspect of producing what I hope
is entertainment anyway
or at least background noise like I'm
completely okay being professional
background noise I've actually started
using twitch as background noise which
previously you know any any time we've
had this conversation really so we get
keys out of it but I'm not really mad
because it's also still good I've been
like you know I don't really watch
YouTube and twitch and it's true it's
not because I think like it's beneath me
but it's just I don't have a lot of time
like when people tell me I watch you
when I'm working I'm like I get that you
can just put it on in the background and
you know I'm kind of like a slightly
variable pattern of audio signals that
you can listen to and it keeps you in
the zone maybe and every once in a while
you listen intently maybe you have a gig
look - that's fine but obviously like I
can't listen to other stuff while I'm
working here and be a little weird and
probably the commentary would suffer and
the audio quality of the episode would
suffer because the idea but yeah so most
of the time that I'm actually busy I've
been I've been recording so I can't
listen to stuff as background noise but
you know as I've been doing more and
more programming I knew who has
programming on the NL bingo card make
sure to mark that off but as I've been
doing more more programming I've had
more and more time where you know I'm
not totally compromised and you know put
on like Rob or Nick or Austin stream or
somebody else's in the crew and you know
just kind of hang out don't don't say
anything just sort of lurk they're
always watching did you deliberately
phrase that in the creepiest way
possible yes yes I did
I really wanted that deal I gotta be
real with you I you know this is a
perfect run to rush through and I'm not
saying I'm rushing to be careless but
I'm rushing because there's really no
reason not to we don't have enough money
to justify going back to the shop we
have unlimited HP so I'm effectively
like I could not be safer on the run and
I also have almost no benefit to
continually going back for more for more
stuff so I'm still cracking these I'm
hoping to get more keys out of it and
then did indeed work thankfully a little
bit of a gamble that one did not give me
a key but it gave me a sun card which is
also good so come in here oh we got here
we got another key okay so we will open
that last chest and then the room that
has value for us so this could be closer
to bookworm it isn't but it could have
been and we want to keep our want to
keep our hermit card we're not even
close to making equality pop so I don't
sweat that I mean as a society as well
but in this game of quality's got no
chance right now lovers card okay you
can grab that if you want but I don't
even care about the spirit arts at the
present moment I will say we're slightly
behind the curve and damage and Deadshot
completely makes up for it especially
with our rate of fire being as good as
it is but it'd be a good time to get
some deals with the devil that improved
our damage but honestly if we have
duality we're going deal with the angel
deal with the angel is always going to
be the preferred choice when we have a
choice unless it's like our performance
is strongly encouraged to be like like
we need to do extremely well on this run
specifically like on a daily for example
devil deals are usually preferable but
on a run where the consequences are a
little lighter or the stakes are lower
of course I'm going to go deals with the
angel because they're they're rarer you
know so it's more interesting that way
we got like the perfect
good defensive run right now we're like
the 2003 Tampa Bay Buccaneers you know
there's a quarterback on the team that
won the Super Bowl I don't know it's
Brad Johnson
you know the Brad Johnson but you know
you look back and say why do those guys
be rich Ganon's led Oakland Raiders very
simple defense fort five sacks a little
crazy emperor card we will take the
emperor card from this point onwards but
from from the teleportation onwards
first we're going to go and grab
whatever is in boss rush we actually do
have deal with the devil chances here
and we actually have the money for the
shop as well we'll deal with the devil /
deal with the angel chain you get the
idea all right
dusted well and truly Scorpio is a
pickup that is like the definition of
it's fine you know it's some poison
damage it's not like dead cells where
we're stacking up poison stacks and
enemies are melting in front of our face
it's just like a little d-o-t pretty
young thing Michael Jackson can't do a
Michael Jackson impression can't even be
evocative of the Michael Jackson
impression I can just go like shamone
there you go
there's my Michael Jackson impression
there's a web series in there somewhere
bad impressions not for me but for
someone else I've got some bad
impressions even my good impressions are
bad but my bad impressions are
spectacular if that's what you're going
for like I can - will Christopher Walken
impression I just I hear him speak and
it's idiosyncratic but I just don't
understand that's genuinely me trying
there obviously we're going to Mulligan
permit out grab this and you know what
you've been good to me lately donation
machine let me pay it back
it's a lot of luck upgrade is it a
random chance to get a luck upgrade from
your donation machine you know I'm
actually going to take the world card
because it's closer is it a random
chance to get a luck upgrade from the
donation machine because I always
thought it was like pre-programmed at
certain intervals
either way this floor is nice and we're
considering we haven't gotten like
almost any damage upgrades we're
actually in a fantastic position and
that's it it takes a unique run to make
that happen we've got almost like
infinite spirit arts and even hearts you
know if that's our desire what the
camera was freaking me out there dude
scrolling camera knives ago still felt
that I all think I've actually gotten
used to here um we have a secret room
access to the curse room back there
because I would still like to you know
have a chance to become guffy I mean you
have like infinite HP okay because I
love you
and this is my job I'll go back and go
to the curse room that was pretty poor
damage but I'll level with you that this
were off-camera I ain't going back to
this cursed room because I've already
committed to getting deals with the
deals with the devil sorry deals with
the Angel of this show up don't find it
that likely the gup-e dream is going to
come to fruition and I know I said
earlier that it was like relatively
likely that we would get a guppy deal
basically that has just changed because
of the fact that we haven't gotten any
deals with the devil like we struck out
on some we got gutter we got the Krampus
once we struck out on the 30% deal and
then we strike out on the 60% deal as
well so just you know not in a bad spot
obviously but could be better so we're
hoping for a merciful stars
teleportation here
not a great curse room but not bad and I
would say this this is not unmerciful we
have the best Pokemon as well so I am
not sweating anything in that department
it's really just I'm glad I had some
administrative stuff to talk about on
this run because apart from the
administrative stuff the run is just so
lights out but it's not lights out like
we shoot a bomb that is a sad bomb that
you know shoots 12 applica if Paquette
bombs out of it this is presently tough
sentence to say believe it or not it's
really just like a good run it's great
in almost every conceivable category I
mean we're at 20 minutes we're about to
be on the cathedral so you can't have a
bad run like that but statistically you
know particularly our damage is just not
really doing much and then beyond that
we don't have a you know like a blank
card year a setup or anything like that
it's just just like a really really good
run take the tiers upgrade because we
might be about to lose well I mean again
we're taking the deal with the angel but
if we get HP and we forget not to take
it we might lose the dark Prince's crown
effect forever which is basically like
you know don't cry about it it's not
worth very much but so this is actually
it might seem like I should be stoked to
take go ahead but it gives us nothing we
had 100% chance for a deal anyway and if
we ruined that 100% chance for the deal
we would be dead quite literally so
we're not going to take moldy bread
because again we want to preserve our we
want to preserve our rate of fire bonus
through dark Prince's crown
Dark Prince is grounded actually like
was very amenable on this run just a
nice little upgrade that I can't really
complain about yeah I mean why not now
what do we want as far as items go here
can we get two key pieces here and just
get the mega satan fight like right off
the bed for two in one go I should say
we didn't get hit at least have not
gotten hit it's kind of a surprise now
one key piece we'll take a Eucharist
which I mean we didn't really matter
which one we took I guess is what I'm
getting at to be honest with you I don't
really want to fight rush on this run
it's a weird situation of being like
really good but also sort of
unremarkable that I just I don't see the
value in the hush fight except for like
artificially extending the episode by
making me mad at the boss that I'm
fighting two hearts I mean two of Hearts
Ace of Diamonds neither of them have
essentially any benefit for us right now
but still like just this is like a
really good introduction to Isaac so
weird cuz like nobody is being
introduced to Isaac probably at this
point or very few people but you know
you don't want to show somebody yeah you
should play this game check it out and
you know you you shoot your tier once
then it covers the screen and like
flying sites that are intimidating you
know you show miss run and go like oh
you know the game looks easy one day one
day they'll learn and they'll have
respect but for now let them believe
that I guess it is a little easy most of
the time okay what do you got for me
spirit thank you turn these all into
keys we do have Guppies tail so we would
like to be ashen to take an area we
would like to be able to open all of
these
chess that will inevitably come across
here as you can see like we really we
can't lose HP as fast as we gain it for
many reasons but the big one the big
ones are dark bomb and the virus and
then you know sackboy plus sack of sacks
generating a lot of spirit arts directly
but then also consumables and they have
a chance to be red hearts and then the
red hearts get turned into spirit odds
by a dark bomb like we have the engine
we have like the most sustainable run in
human history you know we're like we're
an environmental leader right now okay
just I want that Joker card I'm just
going to be honest with you I want to
get teleported to a deal with the devil
and have no choice in the matter and
then be like okay fine I guess we'll
take copy you have my word I'm not going
to use this emperor card the runs
already going to be a little on the
short side
I'm already exposing myself to those you
know must be a speedrun comments and the
YouTube videos you frickin I'll
everybody's a comedian
you know now it's happening in
battleground so it's like a win length
episode and then they put lull at the
end and I say you know what thank you
thank you for your engagement that was
bad damage
I think couldn't be less relevant right
now I would love to use this emperor
card if we got stacked on this floor if
we could use the emperor card on void I
might consider it but okay how do I feel
about this like number one despite the
range compromise range is feel pretty
good although it doesn't actually affect
our rate of fire now we've raised our
tier cap a little bit which is nice or
lower depending on your perspective so I
have no idea where we are now
I don't know is weird because the Pisces
pickup is good in the sense that it
obviously made our rate of fire better
it's kind of bad in the sense that it
gives us knock back so like our tears
are slightly less effective I really do
think that knock back is mostly like a
negative stead it's a situational stat
at the very least and the chest is
really like exemplifying the way I've
felt about this run which is that it's
fine and it's I'm just surprised that
we're down here as quickly as we are
because we're not really you know
sticking it to the bosses here but it
certainly don't think this is me
complaining I actually had a really good
time on its run and you know if we're if
we're going to have a run that's only
like probably a little bit below average
it's nice that it started by being
massively above average so that I got to
ride that momentum for a long time now
give me Deadshot on the first floor any
day of the week then you know a below
average run for a long time and then you
know on the chest they're like okay
here's Polyphemus brimstone proptosis
and like you know the full copy
transformation it's not a below average
run either like we've got a decent setup
and then combine that with the Mulligan
we're basically like we're like pseudo
guppy there's a good event on my mind
all the time suit suit suit agathi
doesn't one too many syllables I didn't
think it would happen considering
Sussudio is about a million syllables
long itself but chubby like these are
these are like slightly above average
items this whole run is slightly above
average it's like a Wes Anderson
character ampler
permit justice justice
he's my blade here's how we're gonna do
this we're gonna like walk into this guy
and like roastin he stands no chance
your ashes will scatter to the earth you
will be no more and then I'm going to
teleport out and I'm going to fight them
again because we can case to be made for
me being an idiot to doing this it did
introduce a nonzero chance of death but
also my favorites Chemical Brothers
album I don't know anything about The
Chemical Brothers that wasn't you know
18 when the matrix came out alright hey
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
the episode if you did click a like
button helps out a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future let me know what you think about
that what I suggested earlier and you
know do some comments on Twitter I
appreciate it thanks for watching
thanks for your support and I'll see you
next time